END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
PLEASE READ THIS END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT (THE “AGREEMENT”) CAREFULLY BEFORE DOWNLOADING AND USING ANY SOFTWARE PROVIDED IN OR LINKED BY THE GIT REPOSITORY LOCATED AT HTTPS://GITHUB.COM/PARDEELAB/ZIKAPROJECT_PLUMCODE.GIT OR PART OF, OR ASSOCATED WITH, A PLUM DIAGNOSTIC DEVICE (THE “PROVIDED SOFTWARE”). THIS AGREEMENT FORMS THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS UPON WHICH LSK TECHNOLOGIES INC. ("LSK") WILL PROVIDE THE PROVIDED SOFTWARE TO YOU AND YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES AS A USER. 
BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, ACCESSING, AND/OR USING THE PROVIDED SOFTWARE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT, THEN DO NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL, ACCESS, OR OTHERWISE USE THE PROVIDED SOFTWARE.
1.	APPROVED USE ONLY. Subject to all the remaining terms of this Agreement, LSK makes the Provided Software available only to a set of designated users (the “Approved Users”), and by downloading, installing, accessing, and/or using the Provided Software, You acknowledge and warrant that You are one of such Approved Users. Approved Users include, exclusively, those persons using the Provided Software for non-commercial research purposes, non-commercial educational purposes, and non-commercial personal use. 
2.	GRANT OF LICENSE. Subject to the terms and conditions contained herein, unless LSK and You have agreed to a separate written and duly executed license agreement, LSK grants to You, and You accept, a limited, personal, non-exclusive, revocable, non-transferable right and license (a) to use the Provided Software on a single standalone or networked computer owned or controlled by You, and/or (b) to use the Provided Software on a portable diagnostic device provided by LSK (referred to as a “PLUM” device). The Provided Software is not to be used any other diagnostic device or other hardware device. The Provided Software includes machine-executable code and does not include source code. LSK reserves the right to discontinue or disable the Provided Software at any time without causing a termination of this Agreement. This Agreement does not provide a right to receive revisions or upgrades to the Provided Software and LSK is under no obligation to revise or update the Software. 
3.	ACCREDITATION. The output, determinations, and/or analysis provided by the Provided Software and/or the PLUM device, such as those provided in .CSV and .PDF format, shall only be distributed or disseminated if it includes an explicit and prominent acknowledgement that the output, determinations, and/or analysis were generated using proprietary software belonging to LSK Technologies Inc. and either (1) a reference to the URL ‘HTTPS://GITHUB.COM/PARDEELAB/ZIKAPROJECT_PLUMCODE.GIT’, (2) a reference to ‘HTTPS://WWW.LIFESCI-KEY.COM/’.
4.	LIMITATIONS OF LICENSE. You acknowledge that the Provided Software contain and use proprietary information owned by LSK and that You have no claim of any right or interest in the proprietary information. You may not copy, distribute, or make the Provided Software available to others. You may not sell, lease, redistribute or sublicense the Provided Software. You may not use, import, export or re-export the Provided Software in contravention of any law which applies to You pursuant to any law purporting to have jurisdiction over You. You may not use any means to discover the source code of the Software or to discover the trade secrets in the Software, including without limitation, You may not reproduce, decompile, reverse compile, reverse engineer, disassemble, reverse assemble, attempt to derive the source code of, modify, or create derivative works of the Provided Software, any updates, or any part thereof. You may not circumvent or attempt to circumvent any technological measure that controls access to the Software. You may not remove or alter any trademark, logo, copyright or other proprietary notices, legends, symbols or labels in the Provided Software. You may not attempt to derive the algorithms, processes, data or other confidential information used in or by the Provided Software. You may not monitor data that is received by or sent from the Provided Software. Any attempt to do any of the foregoing acts is a violation of the rights of LSK. You assume sole responsibility for obtaining any hardware or other software required for use of the Provided Software, including the PLUM device, any operating system software, database software, or third-party applications software.
5.	INDEPENDENT AUDIT.  LSK shall have the right upon reasonable advance written notice, to have an independent auditor verify Your compliance with this Agreement.  User shall make all applicable computer systems, diagnostic devices, and records available for such inspection during normal business hours at Your principal place of business. 
6.	NO WARRANTY. YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT USE OF THE PROVIDED SOFTWARE ARE AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND THAT THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO SATISFACTORY QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, AVAILABILITY, RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS, ACCURACY AND EFFORT IS BORNE BY YOU. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE PROVIDED SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND “AS AVAILABLE”, WITH ALL FAULTS AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, AND LSK HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE PROVIDED SOFTWARE, EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OF ACCURACY, OF QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. LSK DOES NOT WARRANT AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF THE PROVIDED SOFTWARE, THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN, OR SERVICES PERFORMED OR PROVIDED BY, THE PROVIDED SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, THAT THE OPERATION OF THE PROVIDED SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, ERROR-FREE AND UNCORRUPTED, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE PROVIDED SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY LICENSOR OR ITS AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY SHOULD THE PROVIDED SOFTWARE PROVE DEFECTIVE, OR CAUSE HARM TO ANY HARDWARE OR DEVICE. YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR LIMITATIONS ON APPLICABLE STATUTORY RIGHTS OF A CONSUMER, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. 
7.	LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL LSK, OR ITS LICENSORS, AGENTS, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS OR EMPLOYEES, BE LIABLE FOR ANY PERSONAL INJURY OR INJURY TO REPUTATION, OR ANY DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF USE, INJURY TO REPUTATION, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR ANY OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROVIDED SOFTWARE, ERRORS, OMISSIONS AND OTHER INACCURACIES IN THE PROVIDED SOFTWARE PROVIDED THROUGH THE PROVIDED SOFTWARE HOWEVER CAUSED, REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE AND EVEN IF LSK HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR PERSONAL INJURY, OR OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN ANY CASE, THE ENTIRE LIABILITY OF THE PARTIES SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE LESSER OF (i) THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU TO DOWNLOAD, COPY OR USE THE APPLICATION OR ACCESS THE SERVICE OR (ii) ONE CANADIAN DOLLAR ($1.00 CDN). 
8.	INDEMNIFICATION. YOU WILL INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS LSK or any of its licensors, agents, affiliates, officers, directors or employees from and against any claims, actions, proceedings, suits, liabilities, damages, settlements, penalties, fines, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable legal fees and other litigation expenses) incurred by any of them relating to: (a) Your breach of any term, condition, representation or warranty of this Agreement or any applicable policy or guideline; (b) Your use of or inability to use the Provided Software; (c) any information submitted by You using the Provided Software; or (d) Your violation, alleged violation or misappropriation of any intellectual property right or non-proprietary right of a third party.
9.	REMEDIES IN CASE OF BREACH. You acknowledge that LSK shall have the right to seek prosecution and damages from You if You breach any term or terms of this Agreement. 
10.	TERMINATION. The Agreement is effective until terminated by You or LSK. LSK reserves the right to amend or terminate this Agreement, for any reason whatsoever. This Agreement terminates automatically if You breach any term of this Agreement; however LSK reserves the right to pursue any additional remedies available to it, pursuant to the remaining terms of this Agreement and/or available to it under the law, in such event. Upon termination of the Agreement, You shall cease all use of the Provided Software, and destroy all copies, full or partial, of the Provided Software. Sections 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, and 9 survive termination of this Agreement.
11.	NO AGENCY.  Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute either party as the agent or representative of the other party, or both parties as joint venturers or partners for any purpose.
12.	TRADEMARKS. This Agreement does not grant You permission to use the trade names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of LSK, except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of the Provided Software.
13.	GENERAL. This Agreement shall be governed by and in accordance with the laws of the province of Ontario and the laws of Canada applicable therein, without regard to conflict of laws principles. LSK and You irrevocably attorn to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts situated in the city of Toronto, Ontario, Canada. You agree that the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is hereby excluded in its entirety from application to this Agreement. If any provision of this Agreement is void or is declared void, the provision shall be severed from this Agreement, which shall otherwise remain in full force and effect. Such invalid or unenforceable provision(s) shall be replaced by (a) valid and enforceable one(s) which achieve(s) to the extent possible the original purpose of the invalid provision(s). This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the Provided Software, and supersedes all prior communications, agreements and discussions between the parties, whether oral or written. 
If you have any questions regarding the terms of this Agreement, please send electronic mail to: legal@lifesci-key.com. 
